## Data Generation 

To generate my data, I populated the Departments table with the six provided department names and assigned an arbitrary campus directly in JDBC in my App.java. As for the random data for 100 students, I populated the Students table using mock data from mockaroo.com. I generated 100 random first and last names as well as 100 unique 9-digit IDs. This data was placed into a CSV file, so I created my own text file and downloaded that file to an input folder in this project and labeled the file students.txt by copying and pasting the CSV data into this text file. I then read this file and loaded the random data into my Students table using JDBC. For Classes, I came up with my own class names and assigned them to their appropriate department using JDBC. For Majors and Minors, I read my mock data of students in the students.txt file, and randomly assigned minors and majors to each student. If a student has a major in a subject, I made sure to prevent them from adding a minor in the same subject. For generating data for the IsTaking table, I sorted the Classes in a random order and selected a few classes for the student to take by reading the students.txt file and assigning classes to each student ID. Similarly, for the HasTaken table, I sorted the Classes in a random order and added classes for each student as long as they were not currently taking the class to be added.

Additionally, I've made my App.java non-executable due to there being customized databases that will be used to test our code. Additionally, I made this to initially create the tables in my database. Therefore, tables like Majors, Minors, HasTaken, and IsTaking are all dependent on already existing tables like Departments, Classes, and Students. Therefore, the App.java is only executable on an empty database where the aforementioned tables are empty. I have therefore commented out the main() method to make it non-executable.

## Structure

If the password is an empty string, please enter "". This way, the main() method in my Driver.java class recognizes a third command-line argument.

Additionally, I have a data generation class App.java. I have another class Queries.java that executes the queries the user would like to run. Lastly, the Driver.java class repeatedly takes user input to execute their choice of queries until they would no longer like to continue. 
